---
layout: post
title: Gravity
tags: [english,]
date: 2017-08-02 12:32:00
author: pietro
---
Here we are<br/>the edge of our world,<br/>from here on<br/>possibilities dissolve<br/>absorbed by the ground<br/>like water in the sand<br/>hoping, I lie down<br/>may some water find her way<br/>back to me<br/>to me.<br/><br/>Even if the mouth is new<br/>the same old air we breathe<br/>the same old words we speak<br/>thus I scream to you:<br/>let me go<br/>I've been trying to surrender<br/>but something keeps pushing;<br/>as we hide each other<br/>from hostile prying eyes,<br/>as my life is in your arms,<br/>this is no good reason to love you<br/>no good.<br/><br/>Crushed by my weight<br/>my tail between my legs<br/>lifeless floating fetus<br/>I witness the creation<br/>of yet another galaxy;<br/>pointless thoughts lost in the void<br/>echo against the time I thought I had<br/>and reveal,<br/>once and for all,<br/>my fragility.<br/><br/>I thought I was alone<br/>but it needs not be;<br/>I thought I had no hope<br/>yet, still, here I am!<br/>I hoped I wouldn't be alone<br/>and who is here beside me?<br/>Corrosive winds and stellar dust<br/>no eyes, no faces, no question marks<br/>I have no planet anymore<br/>but a new galaxy to explore<br/>perhaps.<br/><br/>Crisis after crisis<br/>every step falls on a mine<br/>and unexploded thoughts<br/>thrown by soldiers<br/>of forgotten wars;<br/>now give me something!<br/>Look at me, and talk;<br/>not on this planet<br/>we were meant<br/>to walk.<br/><br/>An old, tired hermit<br/>hopping from treetop to treetop<br/>weightless like a vague happy thought<br/>bolts unnoticed through the landscape;<br/>yet another butterfly<br/>flies by, and says hello<br/>and I don't know what I should reply,<br/>I don't know.<br/><br/>We weren't born, you and me<br/>to live without weight<br/>and gravity.
