---
layout: post
title: Tear's Heritage
tags: [speciale,twostars,scheggia d'essenza,onestar,english,]
date: 2007-07-19 19:38:00
author: pietro
---
<br/>               <p>I feel I'm down landing,<br/>or am I how pretending<br/>just to keep heart flying<br/>while world's all dying?</p> <p>Nor the Syren's bow<br/>nor the sharpest trap,<br/>can get the typhoon's throw<br/>that's gonna push me back.</p> <p>Speaking is so far away,<br/>writing as well as a day,<br/>but can be done in dark,<br/>even in a desert park.</p> <p>rit. But then one thing is sure<br/>I can't even find myself<br/>and I try seeing other's dance,<br/>am I the pain am I the cure?</p> <p>(Cause even in the darkest wood<br/>there is a way to see the moon.)</p> <p>As a breaking glacier<br/>as a crippling tower<br/>all needs red, red flower<br/>why not a sad, sad lover?</p> <p>Please, for lylium, star and rose,<br/>get the sad of world entire<br/>that a bad is so so close,<br/>don't be afraid of crying desire.</p> <p>rit.</p> <p>(Crystal tears, diamond blood,<br/>all I get is dry and cold.)</p> <p>Here's my Heritage, my last sing,<br/>last lost bell's about to ring.<br/>Doesn't matter when I'll fall,<br/>my cry will now burn all.</p> <p>I dreamed a waken world,<br/>and am killed by a nightmare,<br/>the whole is not aware<br/>I tried all what I could.</p> <p>rit.</p> <p>(Darker than a deathblack road<br/>the future is now waiting for)</p> <p>I thought it was a need,<br/>I gave out full my heart<br/>to see grow up this seed<br/>that's now falling apart.</p> <p>To everyone who cares<br/>now open mind embrace,<br/>you'll kill what scares<br/>if you get your brace.</p> <p>To everyone I loved<br/>just I wanna say,<br/>that even in my day<br/>I'll never feel alone.</p> <p style="font-style: italic">To Anna and Serena with Love and Tears.</p><span style="font-style: italic">To my friends, my classmates and everyone who cares, everyone who is gonna pour some tears when the moment of goodbye will come.<br/><br/>I begun writing down some ideas for this song last year, when school had just begun. I hope I'll manage to give a happy end to this idea. You'll say me.</span><p></p><br/>
