---
layout: post
title: Hymn To The Tears
tags: [speciale,onestar,english,]
date: 2008-07-22 08:34:00
author: pietro
---
You showed me<br/>the palest shade of down,<br/>I can't live<br/>thinking that you're down,<br/><br/>but I'm sure you're strong,<br/>and I know I'm wrong,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>You showed me,<br/>the inner part of you,<br/>you said me,<br/>the love that's part of us,<br/><br/>but I feel like hell,<br/>this impotency's not well,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>You made me,<br/>bright like I've never been,<br/>we made us,<br/>one heart like we dreamed of,<br/><br/>and like this we're well,<br/>and I believe we will,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>I said you,<br/>to hold on and be strong,<br/>I pleaded you,<br/>but I failed aim/I'm not there,<br/><br/>I'm not there with you,<br/>and my heart is not enough,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>You said me,<br/>your despairs and tear rivers,<br/>you say me,<br/>you're weak then I'm too,<br/><br/>and I feel like you<br/>and there's no I can do,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>Your heart is,<br/>the best thing I've ever felt,<br/>you all are,<br/>the wonder and all I melt,<br/><br/>but I'm afraid of love,<br/>and I don't wanna live,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>Why did you,<br/>chose me between a world,<br/>why did I,<br/>say things I'm not sure of,<br/><br/>I'm too fearful to you,<br/>and I don't wanna hurt,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>How could you,<br/>have been so sure of you,<br/>how could you,<br/>say so many things,<br/><br/>I'm afraid of this all,<br/>but's better blind than seeing us fall,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>What was it then?<br/>Was it love?<br/>What we've done then?<br/>Was it nothing at all?<br/><br/>I believe we'll be strong,<br/>and I hope I'm wrong,<br/><br/>this is a hymn to the tears,<br/>they will lift you your fears,<br/>this is a hymn to the fears,<br/>you'll be lifted by your dears.<br/><br/>To Serena.
