---
layout: post
title: Revelation
tags: [speciale,onestar,english,]
date: 2008-02-26 16:33:00
author: pietro
---
May seem,<br/>may have been,<br/>stupid at all.<br/>But memory waterfall<br/>tells me to begin from it,<br/>from who and how I met,<br/>you.<br/><br/>True,<br/>I didn't even hope<br/>you could exist,<br/>and I've not tried to resist,<br/>I went on liquid,<br/>and I've ever said,<br/>that we can live<br/>till I'll leave.<br/><br/>This was my worst fear<br/>and as soon as I look around<br/>I cant love who I've found,<br/>hope you understand<br/>I cannot stand<br/>the moment now upcoming<br/>for the end not nevercoming.<br/><br/>Ignore me if you can,<br/>if you wish leave all it me<br/>without fearing what'll be<br/>as I do and cry about,<br/>without using my mouth.<br/><br/>True, I did, I knew<br/>it all at once,<br/>seemed so a bunce,<br/>and now's runnin away<br/>as if it is<br/>already last day.<br/><br/>Take the courage<br/>to face my rage<br/>I love you, and never more<br/>felt someone I'd dare<br/>saying it so wide<br/>without tryin to hide,<br/>but all's so futile,<br/>this is so brutal,<br/><br/>I'm drenched in despair.<br/>This may not be fair,<br/>but I hope it is right:<br/>finding things to fight<br/>for,<br/>in my stupid inner war.<br/><br/>Though you've ever knew<br/>how I felt<br/>how I melt,<br/>and out of water fish you drew.<br/>I face my dreamless night<br/>aching in inner fight,<br/>after twenty-third<br/>thanks for all I heard,<br/>for all I hope.<br/><br/>I owe you<br/>more than I deserve,<br/>falling curve,<br/>I bow,<br/>bow to who threw the arrow,<br/>I hope you know it won't come back,<br/>not because of lack,<br/>but only because than me<br/>you're better, you'll agree.<br/><br/>I wish I could<br/>give you more,<br/>I would,<br/>and now the core<br/>is that I should not,<br/>perhaps. Tell me now<br/>if somehow,<br/>I should have done<br/>things forever gone,<br/>anyway I'd like to know<br/>how to act on from now.<br/><br/>This power may not affect<br/>the way you flower protect<br/>yourself against us all,<br/>but memory waterfall,<br/>tells me to:<br/>end it up,<br/>throw it up,<br/>show it, naked,<br/>as it is, revelated.<br/><br/>To The Dream.<br/>Dream it and then return,<br/>don't let it all get burn.
